Recently, the Russian car industry
makes us happy with our new products
we are all accustomed to such but like new
lada kalina and granta are looking forward
their appearance but today we want
talk about a bigger novelty
and large in the truest sense of the
words after all the length of the gazaryan their shermer
7 meters and a width of 2 meters with such
dimensions load capacity still
almost fifteen tons the appearance of this
car is a lot like fret
Grant probably the whole thing in the same
angularities
and this design is very suitable for new
gazelles he became a strict business but at that
same time quite stylish in addition to
it is equipped with galvanized cab
that according to the manufacturers saves her
the cow was not without
car retrofits so very
the dashboard looks nice
which is illuminated in bright green
besides here appeared onboard
computer where you can see
many characteristics such as medium
fuel consumption earlier in this car
there was a problem with
the panel she often spoiled now
deficiency completely eliminated
in our case, the cabins hold seven
passengers are much more comfortable mystics
we treat standard attack variation costs
This option is much more expensive from 850
thousand rubles if you want
purchase an extended version on
car it will cost more
another 20 25 thousand rubles, we are very cheerful
and Lithuania accelerates and if very
want something we can on the graph of their origins
meters per hour
we accelerate high it is steeper quickly
many scolded gearshift lever
I like him very much and if something
It should be said about the inconvenience here so this
uncomfortable emergency button which is still
need to find and now we will show
how roomy gazelle next
fill the car body with
the boxes were not so easy
because each of them weighs about 40
kilogram payload gases not
one and a half tons we loaded into the car
a bunch of boxes now remains only
bring the goods to the destination and
check out how the author cope
total carriage and i must say
he coped well four-cylinder
120 cummins turbo diesel
horsepower and volume 2 and 8 even
despite the heavy load takes to the
a steep mountain by the way the developers assure
what is engine is very easy
will start in the winter it is equipped with pre-launch
gas heating system is not equipped
Does the beautiful suspension allow us
differences go through all the bumps on
roads and animal is very interesting for
gazelles innovations this appearance a
car return included
power windows cruise control
radio preparation as well as central
lock surcharge 22000 rubles guess
It will be complemented by a package of comfort and
it includes fog lights
heated front seats and sit down
tape recorder and so you got to point
destination and while unloading our
car we'll talk about what's here
old gazelles left let's start with the pros
Firstly, it is a large panoramic mirror
only now I have
electric as well as heating
as we said earlier another plus
This is a car loading capacity also possible
subject to heavy loads however it
can be fraught with unpleasant
the consequences of such movements are often
burst springs basically this
is due to substandard
materials this is a longtime minus which
there is as much as a car
gazelle
but the garden and the problem can be handled very
easy to simply enlarge
amount of forests
in this case its nominal
payload will increase markedly
it is obvious that with time the gazelle next
gradually supplant their older colleagues
in the shop because it is much more modern than
their predecessors